all right this is my first unboxing ever
and it's for the new slim Xbox 360 you
see there for gear by one don't really
need the extra memory so decide to buy
this one
get your starter manuals and plug
everything in not too interesting
there's that Spock I'll cover it up if I
get this out of here with one hand yes
I'm too big just you got in here
compartments for a controller AV
connectors all that's the power
connectors there's a power brick it is
smaller and the original have the
original that thing piece of crap
red ring died on me see you there's a
new controller take this open one and
this is currently different and another
other ones yeah you have to see there
it's a shiny is actually a black or not
grey very nice Oh
no HDMI or anything like that
got it
other manuals yeah that's it so the
stuff side nice uh some things protect
it
let's see I'm going to do this
might be a little tricky I got it oh
yeah definitely need stand something
oops upside down there we go
there it is
nice it's got the matte finish not shiny
well maybe I'll put more videos on
compared to my old one right there
sucks red ring and death well thanks for
watching see you next time